W-14360181 - Tutorial Style Edits (#242)
mulesoft/docs-code-builder: modules/ROOT/pages/tut-contacts-sync-api-configure-queries.adoc

. Type `query` and select the *query* operation:
+
image::add-query-operations-salesforce-canvas.png[]

> . Update your `<config-ref/>` element in `salesforce:query` to point to your existing Salesforce connector configuration: *Salesforce-Config*.

Reviewer: DONE: I'm checking this one in ACB. back soon.

Reviewer: but below it's `<salesforce:salesforce-query/>`, with a hyphen and a namespace.  I'll check that, too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Configure your `config-ref` attribute in `<salesforce:query/>` to point to your existing Salesforce connector configuration, named `Salesforce-Config`.
```

Reviewer: Something like the above but not married to all the wording, of course. 
But we earlier when we created `<salesforce:sfdc-config/>`, looks like named it `Salesforce-Config`: https://docs.mulesoft.com/anypoint-code-builder/tut-slack-create-config-files-sfdc#configure-your-salesforce-connector

<set-variable variableName="ReturnMessage" value="Contact exists in Salesforce" doc:name="Set Return Message" /> //<4>
--
[calloutlist]
.. A Set Variable component to assign the value of the contact's phone to a temporary variable named `phonenumberSFVar`
.. A second Set Variable component to store the ID to a temporary variable named `IdVar`
.. A Logger component to print the value of the phone found in the record
.. A Set Variable component to assign a temporary value to the `ReturnMessage` variable

== Test Your API

. Open a REST client.
. Set up a breakpoint by clicking the red icon for the `<choice/>` element:
+
image::add-breakpoint-sync-api.png[]
. Run the application by pressing F5.
. Open your preferred REST client.
. Make a `POST` request to:
+
`+0.0.0.0:8081/api/updatePhone?phoneNumber=555555&firstName=Anna&lastName=Woods+`

> +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
----
0.0.0.0:8081/api/updatePhone?phoneNumber=555555&firstName=Anna&lastName=Woods
----
+
```

Reviewer: consider something like above so that people can click to copy&paste
